#summary Frequently asked questions
#labels Featured

This FAQ document will hopefully cover any questions you have regarding Dabr. If your question is not on the list then consider leaving a comment below, creating a new [http://code.google.com/p/dabr/issues/list Issue], or just ask for some Dabr support on Twitter itself.

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= FAQ for users =

== What does Dabr mean? ==

Nothing. It was gibberish I made up so that I could get a short domain. It's pronounced dabber, which apparently is also the name for people who grew up in Nantwich (UK).

== I'm getting API errors! What's wrong? ==

More often than not, this means that Twitter is currently having problems. Dabr very rarely changes and hardly ever breaks. There are a handful of good places to check for more information that might hint why things are broken on their end:

  * http://status.twitter.com
  * http://twitter.com/TwitterAPI
  * http://groups.google.com/group/twitter-development-talk

== Can Dabr filter out Tweets that I don't want to see? ==

Short answer: no. If Dabr tried to filter out certain tweets or hashtags, it would merely show _less_ tweets, as opposed to more relevant tweets. If all your friends were tweeting about a filtered hashtag at once, you would see no tweets on the page at all - which is fairly useless.

== How do I retweet? ==

Retweet (or RT) is the quote icon, 4th one along.

== How do I delete a tweet? ==

Deleting can be done in two ways: either a) click the "trash" icon beside your tweet, which takes you to a confirmation screen, or b) click on the time beside your tweet to see the delete button without a confirmation screen.

== How long can a Direct Message be? ==

When I first developed Dabr, I wasn't aware there was a limit. It turns out the _official_ limit is 140 characters but the _real_ limit is something around 255 characters.

= FAQ for developers =

== How can I help the project? ==

Dabr is a hobby project of mine that I work on in my spare time. I'm happy to accept feature suggestions, patches, and any constructive comments. The project has been configured to allow anyone to submit code reviews - letting you quickly make comments about the code straight through this project site.

The original code is an uncommented mess, so I am particularly interested in any comments and suggestions you have about code in Dabr branches. It's here that Dabr is currently being re-written.

== How do I change the source "from dabr"? ==

Dabr is currently hard coded in twitter.php to always send out "from dabr" as the source. If you want to change this then, unfortunately, you must force users to use OAuth. According to [http://apiwiki.twitter.com/FAQ#HowdoIget“fromMyApp”appendedtoupdatessentfrommyAPIapplication Twitter's FAQ], they no longer allow new sources to be added in the way that Dabr's works.

== I'm getting errors about mcrypt ==

That's one of the requirements specified in the SetupGuide, your server needs to have mcrypt installed. Talk to your server administrator and ask them to install it.

== I only see one tweet per page ==

This was hopefully fixed in r142 of the code. It's because Twitter has _lots_ of tweets, more than 2147483647 of them in fact. That number is the limit of an integer on 32-bit systems and PHP can't count higher than that. Newer versions of Dabr treat those large numbers as strings instead.