#summary How to download dabr and get it running
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Installation =

== Step 1: Get the code ==

Instructions are available on the [http://code.google.com/p/dabr/source/checkout Source checkout page] for how to download a copy of the code. There are also zipped up copies of the source on the [http://code.google.com/p/dabr/downloads/list Downloads tab] - please be aware those might be out of date though.

== Step 2: Get a web server ==

  * Dabr has been designed to work on Apache, with PHP 5.2+ (because it uses the `json_decode()` function).
  * A great package for running a test server on a Windows box is [http://www.apachefriends.org/en/xampp-windows.html XAMPP] (or XAMPP Lite)
  * You need to copy all the files onto the server for it to work.
  * No database is needed.
  
=== Server Requirements ===

  * PHP 5.2+
  * curl PHP module
  * mcrypt PHP module
  * mod_rewrite apache module

== Step 3: Configure dabr ==

  # Rename `config.sample.php` to `config.php`
  # Change `ENCRYPTION_KEY` in `config.php` to a random string of gibberish, maximum 52 characters.
  # `BASE_URL` is worked out automatically, but can be hard coded if you prefer.
  # `FLICKR_API_KEY` is optional. If filled in, it enables Flickr thumbnails.
  # If you want to secure your installation, consider making it [http://code.google.com/p/dabr/source/browse/branches/davidcarrington/config_invite_only.php invite only]

== Step 4: Try it! ==

Dabr should now be up and running. There's no other configuration to do.